docs: service account tokens (#566)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/vendor/cli/tokens.md

draft: false
---

> Using the [Vendor CLI](https://help.replicated.com/api/replicated-vendor-cli/) and [REST API](https://help.replicated.com/api/vendor-api/) requires a token for authorization.  Replicated supports two types of tokens: Service Accounts and User Tokens.

Reviewer: I don't think we should remove team tokens quite yet. We can take a look at the data from @laverya 's efforts and see what reactions are tomorrow. 
```suggestion
Using the [Vendor CLI](https://help.replicated.com/api/replicated-vendor-cli/) and [REST API](https://help.replicated.com/api/vendor-api/) requires a token for authorization.  Replicated supports three types of tokens: Team , Service Account and User Tokens.
```

Author: yeah, i wasn't sure if we should or not and figured someone would complain 😄 i'll add them back in and mention they will be deprecated soon

Reviewer: May want to check out the MD I attached; very similar details but the formatting is a bit different. I was unsure about how to allude to the future deprecation at this stage of the game - hopefully there is precedent elsewhere but I haven't looked into it very deeply so far :/

Author: done, i ended up moving it to the bottom and taking your suggested changes

> Tokens are primarily used with [Vendor CLI](https://help.replicated.com/api/replicated-vendor-cli/) or [REST API](https://help.replicated.com/api/vendor-api/) commands for automated customer, channel, and release management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tokens are primarily used with the [Vendor CLI](https://help.replicated.com/api/replicated-vendor-cli/) or [REST API](https://help.replicated.com/api/vendor-api/) commands for automated customer, channel, and release management.
```

Author: fixed

> ## Team Tokens

Reviewer: We should leave Team tokens in for now.

## Service Accounts

> Team tokens are available to all members of the vendor team. These tokens can be created, retrieved, and revoked by any user with the proper RBAC policy.

Reviewer: We should leave Team tokens in for now.

> Service accounts are assigned a token and associated with an RBAC policy. Any user with the proper permissions can create, retrieve or revoke them.

Reviewer 2: Should we include a description here on how RBAC selection works?
Something like:
```
Non-Admin users can create a Service Account with their own RBAC policy applied.  Admin users can select any RBAC policy for a new Service Account.
```

Author: i already added something like that on the line below but i should probably move it up here to make it more noticeable

Reviewer 2: ah I don't know why I didn't see the line below

Service accounts are assigned a token and associated with an RBAC policy. Any user with the proper permissions can create, retrieve or revoke them.

> Team tokens can be set to Read Only or Read / Write privileges.

Reviewer: We should leave Team tokens in for now.

> Service account tokens are only displayed once when created. The token may never be retrieved again after initial creation. It is highly recommended to store the token in a safe place, such as a password vault.

Author: there's a lot of repetition here and i'm wondering if it makes sense to pull some of the common features (like displaying only once, etc) into the section above. i don't feel strongly about it though.

Reviewer: I agree but also couldn't come up with a great suggestion since there is a lot of overlap with service/user tokens, but some specifics that apply to one and not the other. Since it isn't a super long section though and no good alternatives it seemed that the repetition would okay for now

Author: yeah i think it's fine for now
